Oh, welcome to
family hour of the Yahowah vlog we've got
our full cast of of characters here on
the uh the top left um under the
new one yeah under the countdown uh timer
we've got uh Kevin uh good to see
you pal uh we have captain kirk you're
looking quite stylish uh there you're the
only one of course dressed in full sweater
so I'm assuming that it might be snowing
in Carmel yeah dr. jeff good to see
you from the uh
The wide open oven of Arizona.
And then we move into Texas.
And good to see you, JB.
Welcome again to the program.
We've got Leah.
And for those who are interested,
that is Qara' over there.
That is Qara'.
Qara' is a wiggler.
And a biter.
And a biter, yeah.
That's Qara',
who is the latest addition to the family.
And over here at what will be a
stage left, but to my right,
but I guess I have to look at
you over there.
That is Rich,
who is the king of the cables back
there.
He's got quite the studio set up now.
We're going to have to get some pictures
of that video of that during one of
the shows.
So everybody can see how he has...
It's a work in progress.
Yeah,
has managed to get wraparound monitors and
has quite the setup over there.
So we're in a position where we can
announce that after doing all of those
programs on the Antichrist and fingering
Donald Trump as the demon-possessed great
betrayer who is the corporeal
manifestation of Satan,
that we have finished those programs and
Boy, did we learn a lot.
A lot about the timing of when things
are going to happen and who's going to
do what, where, and when, even why.
So it was a marvelous presentation.
And, of course,
at the end in Daniel nine,
we learned a lot about Dowd and precisely
what he is going to do,
what he already has done,
and just some marvelous prophecies that
completely destroy the religions of
Christianity, Judaism, and Islam.
Looks like
Qara' has already gnawed her way into
giving up and going to see if she
can find something either for Qara' to chew
on or put Qara' away for just a
bit.
So what we're going to do on this
program is going to be the first episode
of Freedom.
And the reason we're going to talk about
Freedom, gentlemen, is that there was a...
Another mutiny of sort where people who
were presenting themselves as covenant
decided that they would make it their
pastime to discredit yada yada.
Thirty five volumes,
you see them all around me,
some twenty five thousand pages,
twenty four years of work,
one hundred thousand hours.
some ten thousand uh previously unheralded
insights about Yahowah and how we form a
relationship with them all free at
YadaYah.com not trying to sell you anything
it's just it's a lifetime of uh of
work and they're out there trying to
demean it and of course uh to uh
domain me also in the process
And they use two things,
one we've already discredited,
which was that God wants people to be
humble.
But that's pretty hard to be humble when
there isn't even a word for humble in
Hebrew.
So they have to make one up.
And religious translations are full of
timid and humble and that sort of thing.
Do you know why religious translations...
I emphasize timidity and modesty and being
humble.
Yeah.
Power and control.
Right.
It's easy,
easy to control and fleece a timid person.
It is exceedingly difficult to control and
fleece a bold person.
But when God says that he acknowledges
these are traits that I want to see
manifest,
and these are individuals that I like
working with,
his only criterion seemed to be boldness,
responsiveness, loyalty, and intelligence.
Never timidity.
You know,
the word that is most often rendered as
humility is actually a derivation of
honor.
And honor means to be responsive.
In order to control a person, debase them.
yeah that's lower yeah that's what modesty
is all about okay so we we took
care of that in our preview and we'll
have another mention of it uh here in
liberty uh because it comes up in the
in the text uh but the the fact
of the matter is there is uh another
thing that these uh anti-YadaYahhowah folks
want to uh to attack and they remind
me of uh conspiratorialists you know
the two things that are the most
interesting about a conspiratorialist is
they are the dot on the wall kind
of people.
And what that means is that they will
find something that they think fits their
scenario and they will focus on it and
build a whole case around it and ignore
everything around it.
Even, you know, it's, it's like the, uh,
the single rock in Mount Everest.
And they're so looking at this rock that
it's,
Everything about Mount Everest they miss.
And these Nimrods are exactly that.
And the second thing is...
My favorite is Flat Earth.
Oh, that is just so awesome.
The second thing about them that is
differentiates them from other people.
is that in every evaluation ever done of
conspiratorialists,
they have one common denominator.
And it's not political persuasion,
because there's liberal and conservatives.
There's young and there's old.
There are all manner of people from every
ethnicity in the world.
But the one common denominator,
do you guys know what it is for
the other people that are conspirators?
I do.
They're losers.
And?
Somebody else for their choice.
That's right.
They have miserable, unfulfilling lives.
And they're looking for someone to blame
for their lives.
And that is the very thing that makes
these particular accusations go is that
they've got nothing to offer.
Their lives are unfulfilling.
And they're trying to blame somebody for
the fact that they're miserable while
they're staring at this one stone before
an entire mountain.
But keep in mind that that one hundred
percent of these people came out of a
conspiracy cult.
They've gone right back to the same cult
that they were in fifteen years ago.
So they haven't progressed at all.
So the second thing that they wanted to
use to discredit Yada Yahowah is to say
that I'm a fraud and the book is
untrustworthy and misrepresents the word
of God because it says that you can
eat anything you want.
project much, there's a fraud.
So that's what they say,
that I'm untrustworthy because I say that
you can eat anything that you want.
And actually,
it's not me that's saying it.
I read it in the Torah,
and it says it over and over again.
It's actually Moshe that says it.
But Moshe was inspired by Yahowah and
Dabarym.
And I figure if God says it,
we should not only know it,
but he wrote it down.
Yeah, respond to it.
So that has been my view.
If I may,
can I add a little something to that?
Yahowah didn't just speak it to Moshe.
Moshe and Yahowah spoke mouth to mouth,
okay?
So Moshe's mouth is Yahowah's mouth.
Well,
when he is delivering a message like this
in Dabarym, Moshe is speaking for Yahowah.
Yahowah is speaking through Moshe.
There are times when Moshe expresses his
own thoughts.
He doesn't do so well when he does
that.
But when he is getting this kind of
information out,
he is literally speaking on behalf of
Yahowah, which is Yahowah's style.
So we're going to do this series of
programs called Liberty,
because God does have a lot of liberty
that he is affording us.
But what I have come to recognize,
fellas and ladies,
is that when we're dealing with
particularly the...
belligerents that are part of this mother
goddess cult.
They constantly trip on themselves.
In other words,
everything that they claim,
when you go to the right passage in
the Torah or the prophets that deals with
what that claim is,
it always impugns them.
And it goes so far as to be
that it becomes obvious that what God
revealed was actually a prophecy about
them to express what God's view of them
actually is and how God wants us to
deal with them.
The irony is quite beautiful.
They're projecting on you,
and Yahowah's projecting back on them
exactly what's going to happen to them.
It's just poetic justice.
It's happened to us now ten times.
And so I decided that in this particular
instance, because if somebody is going to,
and this was a whole bunch of people
that were part of that cult,
wallowing all over this elderly man who is
suffering from cancer and filled with the
drugs to treat it.
And he decided that he would go and
be nasty at this point in his life.
And even though as a man, I've
I couldn't know from Adam,
never had a conversation with him.
I've never spoken with him, never met him.
He decided that it was his time to
attack me.
And so they all rallied around him and
said, oh boy, we're really,
you're the best.
Boy, you are really smart.
We know that you're right because, well,
he says you can eat anything.
So.
I want to go to what Yahowah had
to say.
And when we do so,
what we have learned is you never just
jump in at the moment that this is
God's rebuttal,
because then you become like the
conspiratorial person and you stare at
that one little pebble and you miss the
whole story.
And in this case,
you might miss what God had to say
about mother goddess cults.
I don't think God likes them very much,
but anyway, we'll,
we'll start at the beginning.
So
i do want to say and the reason
that we continue to deal with this and
the reason that Yahowah had so many
prophecies regarding it and when god has a
prophecy regarding uh an attack then it's
our obligation to share it because that is
the ultimate learning experience for us
it's like going back to the garden and
finding out what actually drove Chawah and
and her rebellion and how the every word
of that plays to this current situation
that we're dealing with
And so I want to preface it by
saying that the job that God asked me
to do, twenty-four years ago,
is probably the most difficult in the
world.
Now,
that doesn't make me a rocket scientist.
It doesn't make me anything special.
It's just that the job itself,
which is that of serving as his Bashar
herald at this time,
trying to call Israel home,
is not just difficult it's a job that
heretofore no one has been able to
accomplish and and the what you're up
against is so irritating and and so
frustrating that everyone who has god has
asked to do it previously has given up
or quit yeah so so it's a it's
a tough job and you know and you
know
God is not going to,
it's not his responsibility,
nor is it anyone's interest for God to
make it easier.
You know why he can't make it easier?
Well,
I would say because it's already pretty
easy when you read it.
He will.
Yeah, free will.
That's part of it.
It's to keep those clowns out.
But God's going to soon intervene in free
will.
You know, during the Exodus,
he intervened and he said,
I'm pulling you out with a firm and
fierce hand.
Your free will doesn't mean squat to me
at the moment.
Okay?
And God's going to change his attitude
towards free will in a few years when
he starts intervening in human affairs.
No, I think the reason is,
That it is such a difficult job that
if the person doing that job doesn't
constantly have to endure and overcome
obstacles,
then he's not going to have the backbone,
the character or the confidence to do the
job.
Well,
if you've ever been in a room with
more than two Jews,
you're going to come up against.
OK, but that's not the point.
The point is, quite frankly, you can't.
serve Yahowah unless you have been kicked
and stabbed and abused and spit at because
he has been.
The great lesson here is Howsha,
who before Yahowah even began to reveal
prophecy through him,
the first thing he told Howsha is I
want you to marry a religious whore
because I want you to know what it's
like that I'm dealing with this.
And so you have to experience not only
external abuse, but internal abuse.
People who were at one time close to
you that just like happened with Moshe,
where his sister and his brother turned on
him.
You have to not only endure it,
but be able to overcome it if you're
going to be of any use.
And in this particular job and the job
of supporting this job,
the tenure is forever.
Yeah.
All right.
And God's not going to retool this time.
This is it.
One shot.
And so we can't fail and we can't
succeed without overcoming these kinds of
challenges.
So we're constantly going to have them.
But because this is so important to God.
He filled his testimony with prophecies
specific to what we're enduring.
So we know exactly what God thinks of
these situations.
We know that he foresaw that they were
going to happen thousands of years ago and
that he has given us exactly what he
wants us to do in response to them.
This is powerful.
Craig, I must say that it's not...
coincidental that this is happening at
this moment in time,
nor is it coincidental that each of the
Zarowa have encountered this,
be it Moshe with Mariam and Aaron and
God in his first life as Melech Yisrael,
the unification of Yisrael.
You've basically,
for lack of a better term,
this training and this
It's intense and it's really gotten
intense lately.
And I think the lesson to be learned
and which will be learned by this cult
is that what you're going to reveal,
it's harsh and it's unyielding and it's
going to end in shield and it's going
to be devastating.
Yeah, it is.
And there are a lot of people like
ha Satan that they know where they're
headed.
And they think that misery loves company
and that somehow it's going to be better
for them if they attract a whole bunch
of people with them.
And if I'm going to go there,
so are you.
And they are that callous.
But what they're doing is actually putting
themselves in a position where they're
going to have to endure forevermore all of
those that they beguiled, saying,
why did you do this to me?
It's going to be particularly miserable
for them.
Now, as it relates to Dowd,
in terms of insider attacks,
It began with the very king of Israel,
the person that people loved.
He tried to hunt him down and kill
him.
And then it was his first wife,
Sha'uwl's daughter, Michal,
who just absolutely tried to trash him.
And finally he said, well...
If my if I'm going to take an
evaluation of whether or not I'm
worthwhile, since you brought them up,
we'll ask the concubines what they think
of me.
I was his response to that's how bitter
it became with his first wife and
contentious woman.
And I can't imagine, you know, I mean,
I wasn't happy with my first wife,
but I can't imagine saying, you know,
we'll take a vote and see what the
concubines think.
But Toad's in a different position than I
was.
A little concubine humor in the evening
here.
And then, of course,
he had Absalom that turned against him.
Yeah, which was one of the great,
that was his third born son,
one of the great travesties of all history
in terms of what that would have
His other son raping his daughter.
Yeah.
It was an awful.
That was an awful situation.
Now,
in the case of both Moshe and Dowd,
they ultimately caved under the pressure.
Now, for Dowd,
even though he did at the end,
He knew he had the ultimate,
that'll solve that problem for us,
deal when he figured out that he could
serve as the Passover lamb and then take
our guilt into shield.
He knew that it really, at that point,
so long as he was honored what he
said he was going to do,
wrote about it as a prophet and saw
that through,
it really didn't matter how the last ten
years of his life played out.
He was good with God and good with
the rest of us.
He had a pretty good situation when it
comes to that.
In this particular case,
The one that Yahowah has chosen as Bashar
Harold at this time is in a very
difficult position.
And that's because God's target audience
for his knackery, his observant foreigner,
remains as they were throughout the
Exodus.
Most people don't know that Jews from the
beginning to the Exodus to the end were
recalcitrant and rebellious.
They were obnoxious.
I mean, when Moshe says, God,
you just ought to kill me because this
job can't be done, that's bad.
How do you give somebody something they
don't want?
That's true.
And they didn't want it.
Every day.
Yeah,
that's the thing that you have always
emphasized is that if you're going to be
part of the covenant and grow in it
and learn about God,
you've got to have the want to.
God's not trying to tee it up for
us to make it easy.
He wants us to work at it,
to struggle at it,
to feel a sense of accomplishment and
satisfaction when we figure it out.
And that makes us interesting people.
I think, yeah,
what works on the merit-based system,
you get out of Torah what you put
in it.
Yeah,
I think there is a lot to that.
That's the same thing with studying any
subject.
If you don't put forth the effort,
you're never going to learn it.
Correct.
Yeah, as you know,
I did a testified as an expert witness
in a trial on on pilots injuring one
of their passengers.
And what I emphasize to the jury is
that if you're going to take the
responsibility of flying an airplane,
I was an airport transport pilot rated
and.
if you're going to put people's lives at
risk with your skill at flying that
airplane,
you need to know exactly what you're
doing.
You may have to be really serious about
this.
Nothing is ever- And you better do it
by the book.
Right.
Nothing is ever casual.
You work at it.
You study it.
You practice your craft.
And the same thing is true with Torah.
It's one of the reasons why when I
was doing this show two and three times
a day, and I've backed off now,
so I'll do it most days now.
It's twice a day and occasionally once a
day.
It's because this program requires you to
give a lot.
But when you're studying Yahowah's Torah
and prophets, you take in a lot.
And so I started to write again and
translate again just for the show.
I mean,
even though they're now being published in
books, but for the show.
And it was putting stuff in.
The energy boost.
Yeah, yeah.
It's the fire.
It's the energy.
It's the excitement.
And particularly...
Now that we've come this far and learned
this much and have such a base of
knowledge and understanding.
Now,
when you read and translate something,
it's just alive.
It's just every word of it takes fire
in your presence and you're going, oh,
wow, that is spectacular.
And that's what we're going to find out
right here.
Are we going to get to that translation?
And Dabarym, uh, twelfth.
So for the most part, the Jews,
both secular and sectarian, boys,
this has never been more true than it
is right now.
They have no interest in anything Yahowah
has to say.
Literally none.
Even when it is written and spoken by
his inspired children and offered freely
to them.
Nevertheless,
with very little time remaining and with
so many perceptions that must change and
things to achieve,
We remain uncompromising.
We are unrelenting in the pursuit of this
ultimate family reunion.
We are not going to meet with the
Yahowah and begin that first meeting by
saying, God, I'm sorry.
I wish I had done better.
I wish I hadn't done,
I hadn't disappointed you.
We're not coming empty handed.
We're just not going to do that.
don't care what we have to continue to
give,
we're going to see it through to the
end.
And if we fall short of what God
wants,
it's not because we didn't give it enough
effort.
So we're devoted to it.
I think so long as we're willing to
give it the effort,
God's gonna see it through and it's gonna
turn out very well.
So I think that the thing that I've
been hinting at all in this introduction
is that the greatest surprise to me,
Actually,
I would say a disappointment in all of
this is that the Christians and the
Muslims whose message it's towards the
final witness is hostile and caustic.
And I understand that they're hostile.
I've had a few thousand death threats and
all,
but it doesn't bother me as much because
it's out there.
I'm accustomed to the religious and the
overtly political hating the revelations
I'm giving,
but I understand their point of view that
with everything I'm saying being so
foreign to them and impugning everything
they've been led to believe,
they're naturally going to recoil and go
to the ad hominem attack.
And that's about as far as it ever
goes.
They are in the case though that the
most debilitating attacks though are not
from the Christians, not from the rabbis,
not from the Muslims,
not from the Marxists, not from the Magas.
most hurtful,
debilitating and annoying attacks are from
people who ought to know better,
who were once part of our company.
Ought to know better.
They are from those with an agenda and
a vendetta.
And in this light,
we're going to begin the Bashar Harold
volume.
This will be chapter one of Bashar Harold,
Coming Home, volume four.
In the Torah,
rather than in the Mizmowr and we're going
to do so to set the record straight
so that you know what the job really
entails now in this first statement that
Yahowah etched in stone you guys are
probably aware that god declared his
determination to liberate humanity from
the tyranny of religious corruption
political control military threats
and abusive caste systems.
That's how he began the first statement he
wrote in stone.
I am your liberator.
Then in a war that men have been
waging against God for six millennia,
God took a step back to allow humankind
free reign to be as disingenuous and
oppressive as the subjugated would allow.
He is not engaged at the moment.
His seven spirits are.
His word we can still learn from.
But God himself said,
I'm going off to heaven.
Would you hang out here?
No, I wouldn't.
No, I don't blame him.
I mean, the difference is that...
uh we're humans we're born into this mess
and god is asking us to do something
for him if i were god and i
could get you know a dummy like me
to go do this battle i would do
the same thing he's smart he's delegating
so that somebody else has to endure it
you know so I'd make the same make
the same call you know I've uh I've
had to pump out my uh my septic
system numerous times but guess what I've
already hired a guy to do it
and hits my crap in the septic system.
And I still don't want to go down
in there.
I don't blame him.
I'm going to blame him.
However,
just eight years from this program,
following Chog Sukah in year five, nine,
nine, two years,
which is when we're broadcasting twenty
twenty five.
This long ordeal of human tyranny will
have run its course.
Hell on Earth.
will end on Taruwah in with god interjecting
himself to purge the planet of the stench
and the stigma of mankind's malfeasance
and while restoring his people through the
sacrifice of the bashar on the day of
the herald god will transform the earth so
that it resembles Eden no religion no
politics all who remain
we'll be free at last.
But we aren't there yet.
We're still in Kansas.
There is so much more that needs to
be accomplished and to overcome.
And with the dehumanization and
degradation of humankind on the cusp of
eliminating life and liberty,
we have some big challenges before us.
gods those opposed to god are continuing
to slash about and doing so more violently
than ever before but did trump announce
yesterday that he's going to start testing
nuclear bombs again moron oh my god kitty
out of las Vegas i mean six Vegas
is only sixty miles good luck on him
but yeah the only thing good thing that
came out of the last uh series of
tests was the bikini
I don't know what we're going to do
with this.
You guys know that story?
Bikini was actually named for Bikini
Atoll.
They tested the first nuclear bomb.
Anyway, a little Bikini humor here.
So we're dealing with,
and I think in this particular case,
we're going to make the point.
based upon religious Jews,
specifically the ultra-Orthodox and the
Haredi variety,
but also inclusive of Messianic Jews and
the Hebrew Roots Movement,
because they remain obsessed with
obedience.
to the pretense of divine laws which keep
them shackled to religion it's just like
as we we explained in the garden the
reason that Adam and Chawah were naked and
they were unconcerned and not ashamed is
they were comfortable being exposed to god
they religious oh they've got to wrap
themselves on all sorts of religiosity and
rights and
certain kinds of apparel and all that kind
of stuff.
And it's kind of like putting a wall
between themselves and the liberty that
God intends for us.
Now, for example,
those who are out of touch with Yahowah
and don't know his intent have come to
conclude that the dietary advice in
Deuteronomy is kosher.
while they discard the instructions that
God presented in Dabarym twelve.
They said that must be taboo.
If you promote the Torah's instructions in
Dabarym twelve, then you're a fraud.
But how can one be right in saying
that certain foods are not good for us
if the other is wrong when it clearly
states that you can eat anything you want?
Now, do you know the answer?
How can both be true?
How can the body in twelve,
which says you can eat anything you want
at any time, at any place, any place?
How can that be right?
And then Deuteronomy fourteen says,
you know,
here's the pig and here's the cloven hoof
and and sea critters without scales.
And I mean,
it's got all sorts of features.
things that it says good bad how can
both be true well he says also don't
you have to think you know but think
about it I mean yeah well but how
can both be true the answer I think
is pretty straightforward it's guidance
what do you think JB I said it's
advice he's saying this is good for you
this isn't
Right, that's exactly right.
Yeah, you can tell your daughter,
for example, JB,
that she cannot commit murder without
ruining her life and going to jail and
losing her freedom.
And you can say,
but you have free will,
so you can choose to like and dislike
whoever you want to as friends.
And so you're saying you're free to like
whoever you want to and dislike whoever
want to.
But here's some fatherly advice,
dear daughter.
And that is that that if you have
a friend that is doing drugs or are
swearing all the time,
that friend is probably going to have a
negative influence on you over time.
If you have a friend that treats other
people kindly, that likes to learn,
that speaks well,
then that is probably a friend that's
going to have a positive influence on you
over time.
So you've said you can befriend anybody
you want to, daughter.
But let me give you some examples of
what things might work out for you and
what things might not work out for you.
And wouldn't that be the comparison
between Dabarym, twelve and fourteen?
These foods are not particularly healthy
for you to eat.
Here's the reason why.
And oh, by the way, he was right.
And yet you can eat anything you want.
Don't make your religion out of food.
Let's just call it what it is.
Kosher food laws are a rabbinical tax on
food.
They are.
And the religious like to fleece people.
And it's a billion dollar business.
It is.
a billion dollars isn't much in today's
world,
unless you have a very small audience and
a very small group of beneficiaries.
And in this case, it is for them.
So
The answer, of course,
to all of this should be obvious,
but it's obviously not to the oblivious.
So if I may focus the scope of
our consideration,
it has become apparent that this
hypocritical breach of logic is driving a
diabolical diatribe among the overtly
disingenuous.
In particular,
those advocating for a mother goddess and
her cult
of disgruntled former Covenant
participants have publicly renounced me as
a liar and demeaned Yahowah as
treacherously inaccurate because I have
translated and presented Yahowah's Torah
teaching on the liberty we enjoy when we
listen to God and do as he instructs.
They will discard and discredit
ten thousand profoundly important and
previously unheralded insights among
twenty five thousand pages of amplified
translations and inspired commentary
regarding Yahowah that are conveyed in
yadda Yahowah because they have an issue
with me and because they can't handle
being free yeah i think it's more because
she's a better woman well they all are
a little unhappy with themselves
Now, other than for spite,
why would anyone denounce what I have not
only translated and assessed,
but then presented from the volume twelve
at the conclusion of the first volume of
an introduction to God when what I shared
comes from Moshe's lips as Yahowah spoke
through him.
Why viciously condemn me as a liar and
a fraud on behalf of their preference for
a prohibition when their rules are
inconsistent with Yahowah's directions?
After all,
I took the time to reconcile the apparent
conflict such that both the twelfth and
the fourteenth chapters are useful.
They're both intelligent.
They're both appropriate.
They're both true.
But alas,
in a cult devoted to the fragile ego
of a clinically diagnosed psychopath,
vitriol trumps truth.
It makes them all feel better about
themselves when they can blame someone
else for their horrendous decisions and
miserable lot in life,
such as the nature of the cluster B.
And that is the lone reason why we
find in a plethora of posts permeating
social media, denigrating,
the merits of Yada Yahowah,
my monumental collaboration with Yahowah and
the Yahowah blog and its appeal to Jews
in Israel at this crucial moment in time.
They're playing with fire.
Since credibility is the currency of the
Bashar Herald,
Yahowah continues to provide prophecy
pertaining to our situation in the very
text our adversaries have used to demean
us.
And so it is with great anticipation that
we will delve back into the body words,
twelve,
and learn what God thinks of their
rebellion.
and even discover how he wants us to
deal with us and them.
We're going through this because God took
the time to give us a prophecy,
to denounce them,
and then tell us how to respond to
them.
If God's going to take the time to
do that,
aren't we supposed to be interested?
Yeah.
Well, I know how to respond to them.
Nuclear.
You're going to find out.
It's always my response.
By way of introduction.
It is true that after twenty-four years of
translating and contemplating Yahowah's
testimony,
I have come to recognize that the Torah
means teaching, direction, guidance,
and instruction.
Doesn't mean law.
I've come to realize that there is no
word for obey in the Hebrew language.
I have come to realize that
based upon his testimony that we can
appreciate Yahowah as a liberator with
fatherly advice,
and we should not view him as a
lord seeking to control our lives or
micromanage us.
The religious who are obedient, however,
they see it otherwise.
They prefer to impose and observe
restrictions as if our heavenly father was
an oppressive lord.
They even call him Adonai.
And this is one of many reasons why
I celebrate our relationship on the
Shabbat.
That's why the son has just said here,
we're observing the Shabbat by celebrating
our relationship with Yahowah.
It's our way of saying we understand the
value of this relationship and want to
honor it as God did.
Keep in mind,
God always does his best work.
on the Shabbat,
and I am convinced that when we follow
Yahowah's example,
we're doing the right thing.
So unlike the religious,
I'm not into making the Shabbat an arduous
do-nothing day.
It does not bother me to turn on
a light switch.
It does not bother me to hit the
keys of my computer and do a translation
or add a commentary.
Oh, it's much easier if you're a woman.
I don't have to do a lot of
things.
I can turn on my stove.
I can do a bunch of stuff.
So you don't tear your toilet paper?
Yeah.
Oh, the stuff that they do.
It's amazing.
It's mind boggling how they have turned
the idea of a relationship with God into
the most debilitating religion on earth.
I've even told you about the tricks that
they've employed in the past where they
find themselves a quote unquote Shabbos
Goy.
So if they want to go in an
elevator in an apartment building,
let me get the Goy to press the
button and I'll just slip on in.
Yeah.
It's, of course,
if you're actually being holistic and
looking at God's testimony,
you can't employ the goy to do that
if you are of the belief that you
can't do anything.
If you're going to play the game by
you can't do anything,
then you can't also employ the goy to
do that.
Yeah.
Yeah,
it's like renting their fields to Muslims
during the seventh year, you know,
in Israel.
It's like that is just mind boggling.
It's indicative of everything that we've
done.
We've stolen from Yahowah.
How can we cheat on God and pray
homage to our religion is the way that
they look at it.
They haven't learned a thing.
Not a thing.
With all of this vicious vindictiveness
swirling in the air,
we're going to reconsider the Torah
teaching.
We're going to know what God said we
should and shouldn't,
can or cannot consume.
But before we reach that point in the
chapter devoted to our liberty,
we find that Yahowah had a lot to
say about the cult that wants to take
it away.
I find God's directions in this regard to
be affirming and inspiring,
and I hope that you do as well.
I hope that you view his message
similarly.
That was cool.
Then at the conclusion of our study,
we're going to consider with some of the
nonsense of the Talmud,
which is used to impose rules that God
never mentions.
In fact, the rabbis,
and I'm sure you know this,
Leah and Jeff,
actually use their onerous kosher dictates
to justify Judaism.
They claim that since Yahowah provided too
little information on the topic,
without the rabbinic laws being kosher,
it would be impossible.
They say that thing about the whole Torah,
that that's where the oral law was born,
that Moshe,
somebody whispered in Moshe's ear,
the oral law as well.
Why didn't he write it down?
Right.
And his name,
they also called Moshe a rabbi too.
Moshe Rabbeinu,
these known schools will refer to.
Oh, yes.
Yep.
They wanted a religion.
God didn't give them one.
So they made one up.
Yep.
And rabbis become the gods of that new
religion.
Anyway, well,
it is true in a way because one
cannot be religious without religion.
And it's also false in the sense that
Yahowah is anti-religious.
He didn't give them the wherewithal to
create a religion,
so they created one on their own.
He is insistent that we be Qodesh,
set apart, to him, not kosher,
fit in with Judaism.
Yahowah's advice regarding food is
presented at the beginning of the
fifteenth verse of Dabarym twelve.
And then from an entirely different
perspective,
Moshe addresses what should be considered
healthy and unsafe in Dabarym fourteen,
although his advice is first mentioned in
Chara Leviticus.
Each presentation provides, I think,
a rather exquisite palette from which to
view the rich hues of Hebrew nomenclature.
And so while the first mention of food
and the body and words is halfway through
the chapter,
the more pertinent and vital instructions
are actually found at the beginning of the
the twelfth chapter.
So let's consider God's guidance as a
whole cloth that begins.
So that's by the way,
that's the only variation.
and Dabarym, twelve, and Forque,
forty-five, Paleo-Deuteronomy,
and the Masoretic text.
This is one they didn't change.
So it actually reads, the Masoretic text,
if you scrub it of its diacritical marks,
is accurate.
So,
from that point on it is anyway,
these are gods clearly communicated and
prescribed prescriptions for living,
ha chokam,
engraved instructions and thoughts
regarding what you should do to be cut
into the relationship and the means to
exercise good judgment,
especially pertaining to resolving
disputes, wah Mishpat,
to receive the benefits of the
relationship.
you should emphatically, consistently,
and actually observe them so that you can
act accordingly and engage appropriately
in the land,
which as a result of the relationship
Yahowah, your God,
has given to your fathers as a gift
and as your inheritance,
doing so every day, you live lives.
on the ground so as to walk along
the correct path to receive the benefits
of this relationship.
That's a lot to unpack.
It's the body and words,
Deuteronomy twelve, guys.
So, you know,
if we go back here to the beginning,
the first thing that Yahowah asks us to
do is to recognize that what follows are
God's clearly communicated and inscribed.
Chaqaq means you chiseled it in stone.
This means that this pencil didn't come
with an eraser.
And this was not given orally.
It's inscribed.
It's chiseled into stone.
That's what chokam represents.
It's engraved.
So these instructions for living are
inalterable.
Okay?
God, as I said,
did not have an eraser at the end
of his pencil.
And this is a means for you to
exercise good judgment.
So based upon what God is providing here
in terms of prescriptions for living,
you can put it in your noggin and
you can exercise good judgment based upon
it.
particularly pertaining to resolving
disputes to receive the benefit of the
relationship,
which is what all of this is always
about.
And then he says, you should emphatically,
consistently, and actually observe Shamar,
one of the great words in Hebrew.
Pay attention, focus on this,
contemplate it, closely examine it,
carefully consider it so that you can act
accordingly, engage appropriately.
This is a relationship.
Relationships aren't worth anything unless
all parties engage and contribute to them.
It isn't,
that's why it's so different than
Christianity, which is faith-based.
You know, you've got Judaism,
which is all workspace,
no listening to God,
no being observant with God, just do, do,
do.
And, uh, or don't, don't, don't.
And Christianity is believe, believe,
believe it doesn't matter what you do.
And here, this is,
you need to be observant and you need
to act and engage appropriately and says
so in the land.
And so you don't need to do any
of this.
If you have no interest in spending any
time in the promised land.
which is representing eternity with God
during the celebration of Sukah and in
heaven thereafter.
So if that doesn't appeal to you,
then you're done.
Pretty easy.
As a result of the relationship, Yahowah.
And so once again, if you're into Judaism,
there is no Yahowah.
This doesn't apply to you.
If you're into Christianity,
there's no Yahowah.
This doesn't apply to you.
If you're a Muslim, there's an Allah,
there's no Yahowah.
So that doesn't apply to you.
This only applies to the very,
very few people who are willing to value
Yahowah's name.
The God of your fathers that he has
given to you.
So Israel is a gift from God and
it's an inheritance.
Now, as an inheritance,
fathers pass on what they own what they
have created what they have built to their
sons that's right and to their daughters
and so this is an inheritance this is
something that god has which would be the
universe uh heaven
this planet and eternal life,
enrichment and empowerment,
all those things he's got,
he is willing to give to us that
we can inherit,
but on these terms so as to walk
the correct path to the benefits of the
relationship.
Now,
the three inclusions here of Asher within
a single verse,
that's music to my ears because it's a
statement in and of itself.
This is all pursuant to our relationship,
therefore,
With God.
I have two puppies here.
Now he's looking at that says, no,
that smells like coffee.
I don't do coffee.
I like I like cold tea and hot
coffee.
I'm getting the south side of a dog
going north at the moment.
Choq , as I had mentioned,
is properly translated as clearly
communicated inscribed prescriptions for
living.
That means when you consider it that way,
clearly communicated,
that no one needs to pay a rabbi
to interpret these instructions.
God's directions are found in his written
Torah.
Boy, when you are,
your dog walks away from you just because
you didn't have
Chills tea.
Talk about useless to me.
And Leah accuses me of stealing her dog.
I don't think so.
I'm feeling very used at the moment.
Still sitting at your feet.
Uh-huh.
So God's directions are clearly
articulated and found in his written
Torah.
This is inscribed, which I was inspired.
And the fact that these are prescriptions
which cut us into the relationship with
God,
that means that these are lessons for our
soul.
Now,
since God isn't mentioned in religious
lore, the.
the Jewish replacement for the Torah,
which is the Babylonian Talmud,
was from the rabbis.
You're not gonna find Yahowah's name there.
It's not from Moshe, it's not from Yahowah.
The rabbis applied the Torah designation
to their books, but that's reprehensible,
it's delusional.
Mishpat, like Mitswah,
both of these words are universally
mistranslated in all Bibles.
one as judgments and the other as
commands.
But both are simple compounds.
And this is why when we're dealing with
translations,
we have to be so much more thoughtful
than most people are willing to be.
And in this particular case,
both of those words are compounds created
by adding their interrogatory, my,
to an otherwise common Hebrew word.
Shaphat, which means to decide, and sawah,
which means to instruct.
So to contemplate instruction and to
ponder the implications of making good
decisions.
Therefore,
Yahowah is providing us with the means to
make reasoned decisions, good judgment,
regarding his instructions so long as we
ponder the implications.
Shamar, of course, means to be observant.
We accomplish this by being focused and
attentive.
We have to have the want to,
closely examining and carefully
considering the Torah.
But this is often easier said than done
since religious translations are
inaccurate and incomplete.
And for the most part,
people are not sufficiently knowledgeable
or thoughtful to deduce informed and
rational conclusions.
Even if you were to provide them with
an accurate translation,
they can't process the information in it
to make an intelligent conclusion.
Why do you think that is?
The amount of want to
that is required to spend the time
necessary to build the proper foundation
of knowledge with Yahowah's testimony,
where then you have the mindset of byn,
of making the connections to understand,
is a lifetime commitment.
You have to value this tremendously.
And I would say that while
I have never come across anybody that was
manifest the level of understanding that
is necessary to deduce correct insights
from God's testimony.
And the reason why of the ten thousand
that are you'll find in these books and
the Yada Yahowah series,
there are no place else because no one
has has done this previously,
is that there is a certain aptitude that
goes along with it.
And not everybody has that.
So there are people who can serve as
teachers.
and can get the ball rolling.
And then there's people like yourselves
that are really good at saying, all right,
now I've got the basis here and I've
had this explained.
It gives me a foundation and a really
good understanding of where we are.
And then I can take it from there
and you can add richness to it,
depth to it.
You can even make it your own by
continuing to study it.
So it's now part of who you are
and what you know.
And so...
The reason that God picked this team is
that our job is going to be to
instruct forevermore.
And just because he is going to write
his Torah inside of those who make it
into the millennial celebration of Sukah,
that isn't enough.
Somebody still needs to explain it,
to teach it.
You know, I have read every, you know,
owner's manual and pilot manual I could
get my hands on.
But yet,
until I started flying airplanes and
simulators and had an instructor sitting
on my right and saying,
let's do this or do that,
you aren't good at it.
You know, so it...
It takes a lot.
And God does pick people that he thinks
are pretty good at understanding and
explaining stuff.
I think that Dowd was the best ever
in the history of the world.
And if you look at the body and
what we're studying now,
which is the summation of the first four
books of the Torah synthesized through
Moshe's understanding,
he was a pretty bright fellow as well.
So intelligence is,
as Yahowah would use it, the word Choq ah.
The ability to process information quickly
and rationally is important.
BN,
you have to have an affinity for making
the connections, common denominators,
probabilities, those sorts of things,
I think, to do this well.
And I think the single greatest attribute
to being able to understand these things
is to develop an understanding of God.
Once you know who Yahowah is,
what he's trying to achieve,
what he's offering,
what he expects in return,
you have a basic understanding of Yahowah
and his devotion to and love for Dowd
and how they work together to enable the
bereft
which was their primary focus by
fulfilling the Mowat Miqrah and on their
timeline and in their way,
once you have an appreciation for that and
a love for it and a respect for
it,
then you're in a position to deduce so
many conclusions that would otherwise be
beyond us.
Anyway,
I would say that sometimes it's easier
said than done for people,
since religious translations are
inaccurate, they're incomplete.
And for the most part,
people just don't know enough.
And the fact is I've been working at
this every moment for two decades,
and I'm still learning the Java.
I would say that our last six months,
we have learned more than we did in
the twenty years prior to that.
And it's because you get to a point
where you have that basis of knowledge and
understanding that enables you to look at
every word and say, oh, wow,
that's what this means.
Now he's not only talking about history,
but prophecy.
Now, a shah was used in this,
and it reveals that we should act upon
and engage in what God is communicating.
We can celebrate the benefits of his
teaching,
and we can profit from his guidance.
This underscores the realization that the
covenant is a participatory event.
God expects us to reciprocate by
advocating for him on behalf of his
people.
We're not advocating for ourselves,
fellas.
We're advocating on behalf of Yahowah and
his people.
The Eretz,
which has been Nathan given as a Yarash
inheritance, is the land of Yisrael.
It is a tangible metaphor for the
covenant,
depicting the actual place while at the
same time representing the first one
thousand years of eternal life which
commence upon our return to Eden during
Sukah in twenty thirty three.
But you'll notice that the concluding
statement, it changed from Eretz to Adamah.
And Adamah is ground,
and it was substituted for Eretz in this
case.
Now,
this is suggesting that either these
instructions apply to our time on earth in
the material world rather than heaven,
so for the next thousand years,
or that God wants his people to be
alerted to the
arrival of the Adamah Parah,
who was asked to make Yahowah's return with
Dowd possible in the end.
He is the Adamah,
this bloody red man of the earth,
serving as the productive bull.
Now, as mentioned,
with multiple inclusions of Asher,
we should be cognizant that it can mean
a number of things,
most of which seem to apply in this
case.
With Asher, we are...
correct in seeing the narrow path that we
should walk to receive the benefits of the
relationship and to get the greatest
enjoyment out of life.
So before we move on,
since this pronouncement from God spoke of
inheriting the promised land,
I want to dispel another myth and reveal
how that was achieved.
At a time when the mother goddess cult
has been so vicious towards me,
and has hypocritically insisted on modesty
and timidity.
Yahowah had a different approach to getting
people to receive the inheritance of the
promised land,
which is what our job entails now is
to get them back to Israel so that
they can actually inherit what God
intended to give them.
This is what he said.
in the manner which to reveal the way
to receive the benefits of the
relationship.
I existed with Moshe,
I will be with you.
I will not fail you or withdraw from
you.
And I will not abandon you,
nor will I neglect you.
Choose to be strong,
to be tough and empowered,
even harsh and unrelenting,
and you will prevail, Chazaq.
and be steadfast and courageous.
And you will cause these people to possess
this inheritance of this land,
which I promised to their fathers to give
to them.
Yasha'yah.
Yah liberates and saves.
Joshua one six.
Pretty clear, isn't it?
You want to get the people into the
promised land?
You better be tough.
You better be bold.
You better be willing to put up a
fight.
If you want to be meek,
they ain't going nowhere.
Nothing's going to happen.
We're going to stay right where we are
and we're not going to have a fulfillment
of another Miqraey and God's not returning
to the earth and there'll be no reason
to restore the conditions found in Eden.
Meekness is not going to stand up to
what's going to happen over these next
eight years.
Well,
so much for the religious notion that meek
will inherit the earth.
If you want to be counted among those
who inherit what God is offering,
I would suggest listening to him.
Now Yahowah's initial instruction mirrors
the prerequisite of the covenant,
requesting that we remove the corrupting
influence of religion and politics from
our lives.
He says,
you should absolutely and unequivocally
destroy, continually doing away with,
This is a pretty tough language right
here.
This is abad, abad.
You should demonstrably shatter,
consistently perishing,
even exterminating the thought and the
memory of everything associated with the
sites, the places,
and the related structures where the
Gentiles of foreign ethnicities and
cultures
whom you shall dispossess,
worked for and therein worshiped their
gods.
They are being excluded from these
elevated places,
as well as upon the hilltops devoted to
illicit worship and beneath every
spreading timber and repulsive idol.
The body and words, Deuteronomy.
Twelve, two.
Quite frankly,
God hates all forms of religion.
Disassociating from every creed prior to
approaching God is an invulnerable rule of
which the Almighty is unwilling to
compromise.
If you are Haredim, Orthodox or Reformed,
a Messianic or Hebrew roots,
Christian or Muslim,
you are on a dead end road to
your own demise.
As long as you remain associated with
Judaism or any other religion or
conspiracy, you remain estranged from God.
Period.
Now, beginning on Taruwah,
ten days before Yahowah returns with Dowd,
God will obliterate all traces of
religion.
The shrines and temples,
the churches and cathedrals,
the mosques and madrasas,
the monasteries and the religious schools,
along with every Talmud, Bible, and Koran.
along with every channel, page,
and site hostile to him.
But it isn't just bindings and books which
will be scrapped,
because Yahowah will also rid the world of
religion's host,
the very people who are infected by it
and who promote it.
Now,
this is actually a marvelous introduction
to food adequate because God is dispensing
with the religious notions before we even
began.
And by doing so,
he continues to reinforce the covenant's
lone prerequisite that we disavow the
babble,
Babylonian confusion of religious creeds.
So now imagine a world without obelisks or
steeples, crosses or crescents,
even six-sided stars, or more explicitly,
mother goddesses.
You should tear down and demolish their
religious altars for sacrificial offerings
for slaying and for slaughtering and crush
the monuments they erect,
their pillars and sacred objects,
their personal standing.
Then burn,
incinerating the toxic serpentine venom of
these ashery
Mother goddesses.
These mothers of gods and queens of
heaven,
the blessed Madonna's and the spirit moms,
the Babylonian,
Assyrian and Canaanite goddess of
blessings and wife of Ba'al the Lord in
the blazing fire.
In addition,
their false representation of these gods
and goddesses,
their adulterous religious images and
objects of veneration.
You all, as men,
should always cut off any association and
tear asunder,
disassociating and casting down into
non-existence.
You should cut down in fells,
shearing off and severing,
and then banish and expel,
completely annihilating.
and wasting,
wiping out and exterminating that which
pertains to their name and their
reputation out of that site and place that
they have arisen.
Ouch.
I'm pretty certain that's absolutely
clear.
To dismantle every part of what they are
doing,
including their status and standing.
Their websites, their Facebook pages,
their lies about their being a Mother God.
And don't think for a moment that they're
anything other than Mother God worship.
The very moment they all announced that
they were going on their little trip into
La La Land there.
wrote down and I've read on this program,
I can read it again.
Their announcement that their whole reason
for going is that I was not speaking
for mother God and that they have found
the voice of mother God and that mother
God is so essential to be known and
to be addressed and to be spoken on
behalf of that people are going to die
all around the world because you're not
speaking on behalf of mother God.
So we're going to resolve that.
If that isn't being a mother goddess cult,
what in the hell is?
Right.
It's the epitome of stupidity.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
You know,
I have translated twenty five thousand
pages of material here.
You know, in all of that time,
I didn't find a single time when Yama
refers to himself in the feminine or in
plural.
It is always masculine singular.
Always masculine.
A hundred percent of the time that Yahowah
refers to himself,
even when he is addressing the work of
his spirit, which is a feminine noun,
he refers to the work of his spirit
using the masculine singular.
He is always masculine singular.
He is not mommy and daddy.
He's not plural.
He's not feminine.
Ever.
Not once.
There isn't a single line anywhere in the
Torah and Prophets that comes from mommy
God.
Not one.
So if you're claiming that is who you're
speaking for,
you are speaking for the founder of your
cult.
Whence do you think they derived this
bizarre name, Yahowah, minus the wad?
Where did that come from?
Well,
what they were trying to do with Yahowah
is to create this myth that Yahowah's name
contained male and female.
So what they claimed,
and this just shows you how stupid they
are.
I mean, they really are stupid.
They claim that the yod,
which represents a hand,
was the representation of the strong arm
of the father.
But there's one problem with that.
Yad is a feminine noun.
And then they went on to claim that
the Wah,
which is drawn as a tent peg,
represented mommy.
And so that was the man and the
woman, and that God was...
schizophrenic this way, but we're,
we're a man and woman,
but the problem with the law is guess
what?
It's not feminine.
It's masculine.
Yeah.
And the Wah in Hebrew is never pronounced
W as a consonant.
It's always pronounced as a vowel.
It is a vowel.
It is the O sound.
It's the O sound in Torah.
It's the O sound in Shalom.
It's the O sound in Elohim.
It is always pronounced as the O sound.
So they just,
I think it's probably because I had
written all of these books called Yada
Yahowah and proven that that is the correct
pronunciation of the name.
And they wanted to damn Yada Yahowah and
go off on their own little cult.
So they created their own transliteration
and they justified it that way.
Oh, by the way, the two Hays,
those are not men standing up.
No.
Well, they're the babies.
We have to have a trinity here.
They're all mommy and daddy's babies.
That's who they are.
They're mommy and daddy's babies that are
standing up in the name.
Makes sense.
They all spoke Christianese before.
They're still doing it now.
Baby Hayes.
Baby, baby, baby.
I don't really know anything about Dee.
I never met her, never had a conversation.
But what he'll say is all of these
people, they never looked for religion.
They just adopted yada yada as a religion
while it suited them.
Because if they had actually studied any
of this, checked these translations,
they would know the facts.
And when you know the facts,
you wouldn't reject it just out of hand.
I just saw someone posting on one of
the YouTube channels,
I checked Craig's translations in chat
GPT.
Yeah.
Good luck with that.
Now, by the way, J.B.
Translate it yourself.
Check the translations like that.
Don't use chat GPT,
which is just going to give you the
religious answers.
Are you aware, J.B.,
that when they founded their cult,
the first person they quoted to demean me
was you?
Were you aware of that?
No.
Oh, yeah, they did.
I remember how many times I said in
the early shows,
don't trust my translations.
I've given you the most generic form of
the Hebrew words in every case,
put them in the parenthetical so that that
form of the word you can copy and
paste into any search engine and look up
in any number of Hebrew,
English lexicons and dictionaries and
verify the translation for yourself,
correct?
So I constantly said,
you don't need to trust me.
I've done this in a way so that
you can validate these things for
yourself, which you did a lot.
And Kirk,
you did probably more than anybody,
thousands of times.
But you know what they quoted from you?
The first half of that.
Don't trust Craig Wynn's translations.
And then they had your name.
James Bowen says,
don't trust Craig Wynn's translations.
Yeah, they cherry picked you.
Terrifying.
Yes, but they just left the first part.
Always to create the impression that you
were saying that I was not trustworthy.
That's exactly what they... They're evil.
Because they realize you are trustworthy
once you verify probably hundreds of
thousands, if not more at this point.
I know.
I recognize these words.
I don't have to look most of them
up anymore.
No, of course,
because we've done it so much.
And I know that in your case,
there was one or two words in years
of us doing this together that you said,
I don't know how you got this definition.
And it wasn't to say it was wrong.
You said,
can you tell me how you got that
definition?
And the same thing was true with you,
Kirk.
You wrote me and said-
Three, three said,
how do you get that definition?
So you sent me an email and said,
how do you how do you get it?
And we went through it because, you know,
I went back through the thought process
and I said, OK,
this is related to this.
And and this is the the verbal route.
And then I looked up how it was
used, because if a word is challenging,
you look at first use and the context
and critical markings and you look at
words that are written similarly.
And you go to the verbal roots.
And I explained the thought process.
And it's, oh, okay.
That makes sense.
I started doing that myself.
Yeah.
It's a learning experience.
And you started doing that yourself.
Because it really is.
Very well put, JB.
Very well put.
Craig,
I have known you more than the score.
Ever since I've known you from day one,
you've always said, verify.
Do your own work.
Do your own checking.
And these duplicitous dummies,
they're messing with the Shem.
Have they ever also heard of the third
statement?
It's unforgivable.
If you diminish and do away in any
part or way with Yahowah's name,
it is an unforgivable crime.
And misrepresenting it the way they have
misrepresented it so that they could
create validity for their mother goddess,
it's an unforgivable crime.
And then and then to have been shown
to be completely wrong.
I mean, they are, I'm sure,
aware because they're now writing
Yod-Heh-Wah-Heh and they're not actually
writing it out anymore.
So having shown that they not only were
wrong,
but dead wrong and their explanation,
they you would think that if you wanted
to be reasonable and rational,
the first thing you would do is say,
OK, what if we got that one wrong?
What else do we have wrong?
Maybe we ought not be doing this.
But that's not the nature of
conspiratorialists.
No, they're double and triple down.
They double and triple down.
The good news is they're going to live
forever.
Yes, they are.
In a very dark place.
And Yahowah had a lot to say about
them.
I mean,
what I just read here was about as
incriminating.
as debilitating as it ever gets.
Can you imagine?
So they,
their whole attack on me was based upon
the fact that Yada Yahowah was not
trustworthy.
And I was a fraud because I said
you could eat anything at the,
to validate that you have to go to
the body in twelve and the body in
twelve opens by Yahowah condemning a mother
goddess cult.
so two or three times they cite something
that just ends up giving you you know
every time they really ought to stop doing
my whole deal was you you can be
stupid on your own i don't care what
you do you can you're free to leave
I'm in fact I'm glad you're gone because
it's embarrassing to be around people that
were this thoughtless that were this
easily deceived so I'm glad you're gone
but just leave quietly don't embarrass
yourselves
With all this stupidity,
I'd like to add something intelligent to
the conversation.
Yahowah says to destroy the Ashrym.
Ashrym and Ashrym in the plural is
referring to one thing specifically.
And you have to know Assyrian history to
know what it is.
The Ashrym aren't just the mother goddess
cult and the Asherah.
It represents captured queens also.
Because what Asher sought to do was to
discredit not just their gods,
but their royal lineage.
The fact that Yahowah chose to use Ashry,
mother goddesses,
as opposed to Asherah,
because every place else it's Asherah.
And Asherah is the name of a specific
pagan goddess.
She is the basis for the Christian Mary.
She is the mother of God,
the queen of heaven,
the Madonna and child.
She's the one that was pregnant by the
sun's rays on Easter.
And then nine months later gives birth to
the son of the sun on the vernal,
excuse me, on the winter solstice,
which is Christmas Day.
So this is, that's Asherah.
When Elia was asked to condemn the
religiosity of Israel,
he assembled the four hundred and fifty
prophets of Ba'al the Lord and the four
hundred of Asherah.
And so this Asherah is an exceedingly
important.
false God that permeates religion.
And the reason that Asherah exists is the
same reason that Mary, the mother of God,
the queen of heaven, the blessed one,
the rosary,
all that exists for a single reason.
You know why it exists?
You can't have a religion without women.
Nope.
And since every religion is male dominated
and women are all subjugated,
the religions all created a mother goddess
that women could worship.
I remember when
The one person that has gone off into
the new cult that I really enjoyed her
company because we did a lot of good
things together.
She said, you know,
we're talking about a mother,
the motherly aspect of God's nature.
And as a mother,
I can really relate to that.
There it is.
That is the appeal of the Ashry,
of the mother goddess.
They want this feminine, motherly aspect.
interface with God.
And part of that is they really aren't
comfortable with bold.
They aren't comfortable with God likes,
which is strong, bold, uncompromising.
These things don't appeal to them.
And
Oh, Mother Mary, bless us, Mary.
It's going to be good.
And inclusivity.
Inclusivity is big.
Loving everyone, sharing, being nice.
Oh, yeah.
God does not do those things.
No, he doesn't.
And that's why it's Asherah here.
It is mother goddesses.
And for God to have done this,
he says you should tear down and demolish.
their religious altars and sacrificial
offerings for slaying and slaughtering,
which is what they're doing, and crush,
smash,
and maul their monuments that they erect,
their pillars, their sacred objects,
and their personal standing, and burn,
incinerate the toxic serpentine venom of
these ashery of the mother goddesses.
and the blazing fire.
In addition,
their false representation of these gods
and goddesses,
their idolatrous religious images,
and the objects of veneration.
You all as men should cut off any
association and tear us under,
disassociating and casting down all of
this such that it no longer exists.
And then you banish and you expel,
completely annihilating and wasting that
which pertains to their names and their
reputations.
It's all out of the sight and the
place where they have arrived.
So goddess said,
this is what I want you to do
when you come up against a mother goddess
cult.
Obliterate their names.
Destroy their reputation.
Incinerate them.
They are very, very dangerous.
I have to say that I've discussed this
many times with Leia,
and let's call this what it is.
They are pure evil, and they crush souls.
And Yahowah...
wants to be very clear about what's to
be done with them correct and understand
that this well they're you know a group
of nobodies i mean there isn't a fifty
iq i don't think if you told if
you totaled the entire group together okay
so she likes to pray my view is
that whenever you can just ignore them we
just ignore them but that's not Yahowah's
view in this case and yeah when he
gives you a prophecy this specific
and it turns up as the as in
the opening of a passage that we had
to turn to to validate our position
relative to food and it gives you
something this specific and instructions
to how to deal with it this specific
then you can't represent Yahowah and not
report on this so we are now compelled
to do this now why would Yahowah
go out of his way,
three thousand years ago,
to be this insistent that we tackle this
and deal with it when it's a bunch
of lame guys and a bunch of psychotic
and miserable women that have bounded
together and claim that they're victims
when they're out attacking.
Why would God do that?
Because in social media,
They have sites now, multiple sites,
just to disparage all the things that Yahowah
and I accomplished all of this time in
Yada Yahowah, in the books of Yada Yahowah,
the thirty five books,
and to disparage the Yahowah blog and to
discredit me.
And as I say,
the currency of doing this job is
credibility.
And so God wants to say, yeah,
I'm fully aware of who they are.
I know that what they're doing is
exceedingly dangerous.
And I am disgusted.
So we're not trying.
God didn't say, correct me if I'm wrong,
guys.
Was there any hint in there?
You ought to be really accommodating to
them.
You ought to be nice.
You ought to try to come out to
some accommodation,
listen to their position on Mother God,
listen to their concerns about yada yada,
enter into dialogue with them and try to
work this out so there's peace and harmony
in the family.
Was that suggested in this?
I saw burning, banishing, expelling,
destroying.
Okay,
before I take the little pterodactyl away,
I would like to add one last point.
Did you notice how Yahowah mentioned you men?
Yes.
Why?
Because women are not fooled by the
equipment other women have.
We see right through it.
Yeah.
Yeah,
the reason I translate it that way is
that gala, gada is the word.
It starts with the G,
so most words that start with a G
are not good.
It was written in the peel, imperfect,
paragogic, none, second person, masculine,
plural.
So it's men, plural.
to do this and to do it on
an ongoing basis.
When you're dealing with the imperfect,
that means on an ongoing basis,
you men and paragogic nun with enthusiasm
are to do this.
This is what I want you to do,
banish them, expel them,
completely annihilate everything they
represent,
including their reputation and their
names.
God's not an accommodator.
He's not trying to save everybody.
He doesn't love everybody.
He doesn't want a huge crowd and
forevermore.
He wants people that are thoughtful,
that are genuine,
that support what he's trying to achieve
and not trying to destroy it.
So Yahowah is the perfect father.
Thirty-five centuries ago.
He knew that we would be working together
to call his people home and that an
Asherah,
a mother goddess cult would arise in our
midst to disavow and to degrade what we
have done over these past twenty four
years.
And then so that we would know his
position regarding them and how we should
respond to them.
He provided this prophecy in the preamble
to the text that I would need to
refute the most recent aspects of their
attack.
He has done this very thing for us
now so many times that we can be
assured that they will fail and we will
prevail.
Not that there was any question regarding
that.
Do you see their most recent one today?
Because this particular attack took place
a week or so ago.
And so it took me a while to
translate all of this and for us to
get through the Antichrist material to get
up to it.
Do you see the one they sent out
today?
Have you guys been to the Facebook page?
Oh, it's a beauty.
Yeah, I actually have.
Yes, because I think you commented on it.
The Mother Goddess Cult took a cover of
a book written a hundred and fifty years
ago by a man that was considered
borderline insane.
he was a religious freak and he wrote
a book.
Oh, there it is.
There it's, I think you've,
is that up on the screen?
Yep.
Okay.
So the key of, of David, David,
the true Messiah.
So they posted that Craig forgot to credit
this fellow who is a word or a
Crescent.
He forgot to credit order Crescent on his
big discovery that Dowd is the true
Messiah.
And so if you go to the Facebook
page,
I respond to this and I just tear
them to ribbons.
Because all this is is designed to demean
my credibility and say, no,
you're claiming that you have this great
discovery and this guy beat you by,
you know, one hundred and fifty years.
And yet.
First,
he doesn't know that Dowd is the man's
name.
He is only claiming that Dowd was the
Messiah during his lifetime,
three thousand years ago.
And you could be a dunderhead in the
third grade and figure that out because
God says it over and over and over
again.
The great discovery is that Dowd is not
only the Messiah,
but that he is also the son of
God and that he is the former and
the returning king.
And that in his second of three lives,
the greatest discovery in human history is
that Dowd fulfilled Pesach, Matsah,
and Mekotam exactly as he said he would.
And that makes Dowd our savior.
And that is the single greatest discovery
in all of human history,
if you want to have a relationship with
God.
And that dunderhead didn't find any of
those things.
And so to demean me and to discredit,
yada, yada, yada.
on that basis means that you're nothing
but an idiot with a really bad attitude.
So they just go on and on.
Their whole life ambition is to pursue
this.
And mostly, Jeff,
you were threatened again by one of them
that is just really rude and a complete
hypocrite just day before yesterday.
They just never stop.
being obnoxious and all they would have to
do for us never to comment on them
again and for God not to have to
have any more prophecies that we reveal
about them.
Just go away finally.
Just shut up.
How many fingers do you have to get
blown off before you stop trying to make
bombs?
You know,
they've actually published on their site
an unpublished version of Coming Home
For...
that I'm writing right now.
I mean,
we're back to the days of Larry claiming
that he's the author of those
translations.
That's worse.
Oh my God.
You know what Larry did?
He called me and he said, you know,
I don't know how to translate.
Can you tell me how you do it?
And I thought he was still listening.
So I said, yeah,
I do this and this.
You need these and those and those and
those and those.
And you need all these books I have.
And I use these sites because I like
the area.
And then I've written all this stuff.
I have all these little charts, you know,
on grammar.
Sometimes I can't whip it out like you
do.
But I look at him, I say, OK,
a paragraph, get this.
So I gave him all that.
And then all of a sudden he became
a translator.
But I found out he really can't do
it anyway.
So.
No,
all he did is he took mine and
claimed them as his.
And then he talked a good game because
he had a few weapons now.
And by the way,
he is now a full-fledged member of that
cult.
Oh, well.
Oh, yeah.
And basically, when I wrote, Craig,
to that imbecilic post today,
is that to call these feckless fools
imbeciles and morons would be a
compliment.
Yeah, which was really funny.
Mike B., my favorite fact checker,
I love Mike.
He actually made a long presentation of
the history of this guy.
The absolute religious nincompoop.
He would have fit in perfectly with their
cult.
They would have liked him.
He did have some things right.
With the women,
he says that was sheer lunacy.
He did have that part right.
Well, broken clock is right twice a day,
too.
It is.
So the Mother Goddess cult emerged in the
late fall of twenty twenty four with an
emotionally,
intellectually and morally challenged
woman.
who I had pulled out of a conspiracy
theory and tried to help.
And she turned on me after I had
done more for her financially and teaching
and just support for her because she was
so abused in her life that she thanked
me by viciously attacking me.
Then she pretended that she was the victim
when she victimized me.
And she and those she lured into her
leprous nest claimed that they were now
speaking for their spirit mom.
They changed Yahowah's name to accommodate
their mythology.
And then because I renounced the
preposterousness of their claim,
they said their claim was justified based
upon the eighth proverb,
I think is the one.
And because it has feminine pronouns.
and it has feminine pronouns because Dowd
is writing about the importance of chokmah,
the thing that they obviously lack,
which is intelligence,
and chokmah is a feminine word,
and so it speaks of chokmah,
but guess what it never mentions?
M is the Hebrew word for mama,
not mentioned once in the entire proverb.
Spirit is ruach in Hebrew.
Guess what you won't find in the entire
proverb?
Pointed that out to them.
That's a fancy bit of translating,
isn't it?
That is a fancy bit of translating.
Didn't seem to care.
So anyway,
they then devoted themselves to impugning
me personally, my wife,
other covenant members.
They are really rude to all covenant
members.
And demeaning Yada Yahowah,
which is the ninety nine percent of what
they know.
A hundred percent of what they know that's
accurate comes from Yada Yahowah even to this
day.
There is no lie that they will not
hurl, no fabrication, they will not flail,
no depravity,
that they will not wallow in to support
their Asherah, their mother goddess.
They even begin their sword affair on
behalf of the serpent by accusing me of
killing countless souls because I would
not speak on behalf of their non-existence
and voiceless mother god.
Now this cannot be a coincidence because
not only was Asherah written in a generic
and plural form to depict the participants
and the enablers of the mother goddess
cult,
Asherah was the principal deity of the
region,
was not the principal deity of the region
or at this time.
because that distinction were gone to
Ba'al, the Lord, El,
who was the chief deity of the Canaanites,
along with many others,
including scores of more famous gods and
goddesses worshiped by the Egyptians,
Hittites, Assyrians, Babylonians, et al.
But Asherah was unique in that she was
the most commonly venerated mother
goddess.
She is, even Yahowah tells us this,
She was considered the mother of God,
the queen of heaven,
the Madonna with the child.
She is the goddess worshipped under these
titles in Christianity as Mary.
And this is the one thing that made
her ideal for denouncing the mother
goddess cult, trying to vilify me.
Elia not only confronted and exterminated
Asherahs, the prophets,
along with those of Ba'al.
He is returning to do the very same
thing on Taruwah in twenty thirty three.
So if you're in favor of a mother
goddess cult,
you need to know that Yahowah's prior
dealings with those who were speaking for
mommy God.
What did Elia do to them on Yahowah's
instructions?
Yeah, every one of them.
Killed every one of them.
Yep.
That's what you're up against.
Don't blame me.
Blame yourselves.
Yep.
Asherah was Ba'al's, the Lord's consort,
and Canaan, Assyrian, and Babylon.
She was, as Roman Catholics depict Mary,
the Queen of Heaven, the Mother of God,
and the Madonna.
She was said to have impregnated by the
sun's rays on Easter Sunday,
such that nine months later,
on December twenty-fifth,
she gave birth to the Son of God.
And her son, like the Christian Jesus,
died each year and then was resurrected in
the spring.
As the Holy Spirit,
she became part of the Christian Trinity.
As such,
Yahowah has a great deal to say about
Mal and Asherah,
overtly condemning those who speak for and
mislead others on behalf of either.
Therefore,
since I am consistently abused and
demeaned by a conspiracy cult of psychotic
women and weak men who claim that they
speak for a spirit mother,
by denouncing such nonsense this
forthrightly in this expose against
religion,
Yahowah is proclaiming that he has no use
for them or those who promote mother
goddesses.
further,
since it is Elia who is returning as
one of the final two witnesses.
We are reminded that he became famous for
embarrassing, repudiating,
and killing those who spoke for Asherah
and Ba'al.
And thus for the goddess and for the
Lord,
which is exactly the instruction that
Yahowah is giving here.
Elia knew exactly what he needed to do
because this was written
Before he executed that plan,
he followed God's instructions and so
shall we.
He will reprise the same feet on Taruwah
as the bull is sacrificed with a similar
outcome.
In repudiation of spirit moms,
every reference to Yahowah is always
masculine singular.
He presents himself as our father,
but never as our mother.
And of course,
since there is no spirit mom,
she says nothing,
making it impossible for anyone to speak
for her.
Also rebel.
You're good.
Since Yahowah doesn't play around on this
kind of stuff, he's serious.
Since Yahowah does not want to be worshipped,
venerating a false goddess is particularly
obnoxious.
In fact, it's demeaning.
God is not insecure.
Therefore,
he would not have created an inferior
being to praise him or to bow in
submission.
Now, since this is essential, relevant,
and prophetic,
let's be assured that Yahowah's message is
heard, loud, and clear.
You should tear down and demolish their
religious altars for sacrificial offerings
for slaying and for slaughtering and crush
them.
They're monumental objects of veneration
and sacred idols for their personal
standing.
Then burn,
incinerating the toxic serpentine venom of
these Ashry mother goddesses in the
blazing fire.
In addition,
their false representations of these gods
and goddesses,
their idolatrous religious images and
objects of veneration,
you all as men should cut off any
association and tear asunder,
disassociating and casting down into
non-existence and then banish and expel,
completely annihilating and wasting,
wiping out that which pertains to their
name and reputation.
out of that site and place that they
have arisen.
Don't blame us for your fate.
You brought this on yourself.
I don't know if anybody knows,
but as we finish this,
we're going to go into a review of
the thirty-third, thirty-fourth,
and thirty-fifth Mizmowr.
And I have already translated and done the
commentary for the thirty-third and
thirty-fourth,
and I'm writing now my translations for
the thirty-fifth.
The reason I share this is that Dowd,
who is going to be the very presence
of God in our midst,
in the thirty-fifth Mizmowr,
tells us explicitly that this chaff
who have diminished his importance.
And they, in this mother goddess cult,
won't allow Do to have served as the
Passover lamb because they claim that it's
a human sacrifice when they have no
concept of how this all went down.
He says that on behalf of the Ruach
of Yahuwah and Moloch that Yahuwah's going
to dispatch
They're not going to be just driven away
and cast down,
but they're going to assure that they
receive extraordinary punishment,
which means they're going to hell.
The Thirty-Fifth Mizmowr is explicit on
exactly what Dowd intends to do with them.
So when they get all a little upset
and said,
how dare you say I'm going to shield?
Not my determination.
Yahowah made this determination because he
knew what they were going to do and
how belligerent they were going to be in
doing it.
Three thousand years ago.
And Dowd witnessed it as a prophet as
well.
And Dowd says, no,
they're going to be cast down.
They're going to receive death.
punishment for this, it's off to shield.
This was a really stupid thing to do
and to double down, to triple down,
to keep on doing it every day,
to have websites up to just disparage my
wife, myself,
all of us that are part of the
covenant and the YadaYahhowah series is really
serious business with the Yahowah at this
time because it's all he's got right now
to make all of this happen.
And Dowd realizes that the opposite is
true of their claim with recognizing him
and his role.
That since no one else has done this,
and it's the only way for God to
be able to return with Dowd as his
son and fulfill those last four Miqraey,
is this recognition of what Dowd has done.
To be those who disparage the person who
figured it out and who's sharing it with
the world.
from Dowd's point of view,
when finally he's in a position where
someone is telling the truth about him,
is so horrendous,
he has dispatched the Mal'akh of Yahowah to
round them all up and send them to
hell.
So,
I have done everything I can to encourage
them to go away and shut up.
Everything.
In fact, when they first broke
away i said you know I'm going to
compliment all the things that you have
done previously i wish you well but then
they went and they mimicked our website
they then presented my translations they
used my name everywhere on their site and
they went on and promoted their mother
goddess and then they started to spend
most of their time condemning yada Yahowah
And the truths presented in it,
my wife and I,
they've become nothing more now than a
hate group.
And all along, I've said the same thing.
Shut up.
If you just go away and shut up,
then, well,
God may be really angry with you.
And he's got a really long memory.
I won't be.
I will have moved on.
There's too much to deal with to even
be annoyed by you anymore if you just
disband and go away.
But if you won't,
if every week we find another attack and
another attack and another attack,
then we will continue to go to the
source and Yahowah will reveal yet another
condemnation of you and we will present
it.
So personally, fellas,
my approach to this whole thing has been
since the beginning.
You go where God's words lead and you
follow God's advice.
And since he has directed us here,
since he has provided this advice,
I want to thank Yahowah for having provided
it on our behalf.
His instructions regarding how we are to
proceed are clear.
They are not what people want to hear.
They want everybody just to get along,
you know, stop being such a bully.
No, I have to be a bully.
That's what,
that's exactly the role I was cast for,
for exactly this reason.
No, you did.
If my choice is to follow the girly
advice of let's just all get along and
play nice together and,
and don't be a meanie or do it.
Yeah.
Well,
I'm going to follow Yahowah's advice.
I'm going to do what he says.
I've never found that to be wrong.
So this is his renunciation of mother
goddess veneration.
Now the following summation is unequivocal
as well.
Do not engage with or support anyone
promoting the mythology of a spirit mom.
Not that this should have ever been a
consideration for anyone.
But it says,
do not act in this way.
We just finished denouncing spirit moms
and obliterating all traces of those
associated with them.
And God said, okay,
don't do this kind of stuff.
Don't act in this way.
Lo asha ken la.
With Yahowah your God.
Don't do this in the presence of Yahowah
your God or you're not gonna be in
the presence of Yahowah your God.
Now,
should someone have been sufficiently
unintelligent to realize that Yahowah does
not want to be associated with a spirit
mother or goddess,
our father has left no doubt.
As clearly as words allow,
Yahowah asked us to denounce and to
demolish everything associated with those
who promote such nonsense,
incinerating these hellacious delusions
along with the names of the perpetrators,
banishing them.
There is to be no mercy shown toward
them.
We are told to renounce them,
not debate them,
to excoriate and exterminate them,
not try to resolve the conflict or call
them back home.
And this conclusion is presented in
Yahowah's Torah guidance for all to see.
And the reason, gentlemen,
is they were given the truth.
They were exposed to it.
To have been given the truth and to
spit in God's face in this way,
God views it as insulting.
such that he is beside himself in anger
towards them.
Their mommy may love them,
but their daddy don't.
We were directed to be aggressive because
the mother goddess cult was renouncing
Yada Yahowah.
contradicting what is revealed later in
the body of twelve.
And all that makes it prophetic of our
situation.
Now, continuing on,
it's important we recognize that after a
long intermission lasting thousands of
years,
it was Yada who reintroduced Yahowah's
name.
That's right up there and importance
of reintroducing the role that Dowd played
in our salvation.
I mean,
you could say that reintroducing Yahowah's
name and proving that pronunciation was
number one and then returning Dowd's
acclaim and his role and providing our
salvation by fulfilling Pesach, Matsah,
and Bikuwrym and knowing when He's going to
return as our King is number two.
I think God would view it the other
way around.
Just getting to know Yahowah,
He would view it the other way around.
And so I'm going to view it the
other way around.
We started with this and then we came
to recognize our king.
This series, Coming Home,
is all devoted to our king.
And to get in the way of that,
after two thousand five hundred years of
no one saying either,
God's exceedingly upset over this.
There's a reason why this moment in time,
there is a reason why at this moment
in time,
we need to be aware of this.
It's a very important learning moment for
the entire covenant family.
Yes.
And we're not precluding you.
If you're somebody in the covenant family
and you still have tendencies to be
religious,
you still like
and you like being told what you can
and can't eat.
You like being told what you can and
can't do.
You like the stories of the New Testament,
so you feel comfortable in that
environment.
You still like to celebrate Christmas and
Easter.
You're still into Halloween.
You're still into that kind of stuff.
You need to know that you can go
away.
You need to know that if your personality
has been out of shape because Yahowah chose
a bull this time around,
And that irritates you because you don't
like aggressive men.
And you view confidence as arrogance as
opposed to what it is, confidence.
And you don't understand that confidence
is the essence of doing this job.
And that bothers you because it strikes
some hole in your life or you're
uncomfortable when somebody tells you that
the words tell us that we're being brought
back to the conditions of Eden.
And the last time we were in Eden,
Clothing was optional and nobody was
ashamed because they weren't comfortable
being exposed to God.
And that drives you crazy so that you
have to run off and be part of
a mother goddess cult and demean me and
my wife and these books that you see
behind me.
You need to know that you can free
to do that, but not without consequence.
Again, you're born Chazaq.
And again, you have to be like Caleb,
not like the rest of them.
They all died.
They all went into the land.
They saw imaginary giants and the people
that were named after necklace.
And they cowered.
They were humbled by them.
And God says, in the hell with you.
I don't need you.
I'm not interested in being around wimps.
Goodbye.
You're all going to die.
And the reason why Torah is instructions,
guidance,
Teaching and direction.
And it's also why everyone associated with
you, I would go through tough times.
Because you can't be firm.
You can't be resolute.
You can't be what God envisions a man
to be working with him without being tough
and having tremendous conviction
and confidence and being bold without
having overcome obstacles.
So not only does God want us to
know about this annoyance of the mother
goddess cult as an inside annoyance,
he wants to tell us how we overcome
them.
because it's all part of it.
It's why Dowd had to suffer the Abshalom
rebellion.
It's why Moshe had to endure being
attacked by his brother and his sister who
claimed that they spoke for God too.
And God says, hell no, you don't.
No, you don't.
So it is Yada's rule,
has been to reintroduce Yahowah's name.
and his son's place in our lives.
My books, the site, the blog,
bear God's name as YadaYahhowah.
YadaYahhowah.com and the Yahowah blog.
You are running Yahowah's blog as a Facebook
site and coordinating, Kevin,
with so many others on getting this
message out,
all branded under Yahowah's name.
Yeah,
there's a lot of people working on this.
A lot of people working on this, man.
We are really now got a lot of
people working on this,
and it is such a joy to be
in a position where the –
thing that I've always wanted to do is
to tend to the business that god's given
me to do and do that as well
as i can because you can't manage all
these things and do that right i even
have my good buddy uh joe back and
uh and like joe and i spent a
couple of hours today on the phone we
spent a couple of hours a couple days
ago on the phone and we're reviewing the
final submissions now into uh to amazon
and our new look and feel and uh
and we work through the enhancements that
we have made to the website and
And it has really come together.
Whoever thought you'd have a website where
you have a Facebook blog on your website
that takes feeds from both X and from
Facebook simultaneously and updates them
in real time on a standard website.
And that you could turn a standard website
so you could play the YouTube videos
online.
while they're playing from YouTube.
So they've got all the bandwidth
responsibility and the data housing
responsibility,
but you stay on our site as they
play.
What a beautiful thing and all the links
to the various social media sites.
And then not only the links to the
books,
but the books are all page turners and
they're page turners presented in a PDF
format,
but you can still copy and paste anything
you want to from them.
And post it anywhere you want to in
social media.
Yeah, we can still link to them.
Absolutely, yeah.
What a spectacular site.
Yashi,
I was right about you being the call,
so it's coming to fruition.
Oh, it is,
but it takes a family to get it
done.
And Leah keeps on saying that Seventy,
that when Moshe had his meltdown and said,
God, I can't do this anymore.
This is impossible.
These people are impossible.
And then Yahowah distributed the spirit to
Seventy people,
and those Seventy people worked on behalf
of Moshe.
I think that's what we've got.
It's a lot,
but it takes a lot right now to
make this all happen.
And it's exciting to be in this position
with the message being distributed.
We're not going to get ahead of ourselves
in the sense of we will never be
popular.
Yes.
Impossible.
We're anti-Christianity.
We're anti-Islam.
That's what?
Almost six billion over almost six billion
people that you've that are not going to
are going to hate you.
For telling the truth.
We are with the Jewish community.
We're anti-Marxist,
which is thirty percent of them.
And we're anti ultra-Orthodox and Haredim,
which is twenty five percent of them.
And we do not identify with the right
wing politics that has been so belligerent
worldwide that has isolated Israel.
And so we're not going to resonate with
them either.
And we're exceedingly anti-MAGA for lots
of reasons and anti-Marxist worldwide for
lots of reasons,
which takes a huge percentage of people.
We're anti-conspiracy theory,
which is a whole group of people because
you're always anti all of these things.
And so we are opposed to all of
these things.
And therefore,
there is no group that you are going
to.
naturally resonate with in terms of this
message, but that's exactly as it must be.
God has never,
Yahowah has never been popular and he is
never going to be popular and he doesn't
even wanna be popular.
But what he does want is his message
to be disseminated and all of the
religious lies about him to be known so
that those who are interested and those
who are intelligent and those who have
character can choose to be part of this.
And if they're gonna be part of it,
you're gonna get to work, contribute.
This is not a family of deadbeats.
Let me just add something, if you can.
There's three Zarowas.
The first Zarowa, he wound up with two.
You go to Dowd, the next Zarowa,
I'm not sure how many he got up
to.
Not a lot.
Yeah.
And then- Thirty thousand went with him
with the Obed-Eden.
He only found thirty thousand of the best
to go get the Ark, remember?
Yes, right, right.
And that at thirty thousand was the best
of the best.
And even then it was Obed Edom's parade.
Dowd relaxed and said, OK, God,
I understand you got this covered, man.
I blew it the last time I tried
to arrange it.
And and, you know,
it's right getting that bull to be pulling
it.
But we screwed that up.
And now we've got Obed Edom here and
I'm just going to dance around,
have a good time.
And that is the king doing as he
should do.
It is our job to make his life
enjoyable.
Isn't that the whole purpose?
If you can make God's beloved son happy,
as such that you're doing the job that
needs to be done,
you're getting the ark properly
positioned.
Isn't that exactly as it should be?
Well,
my only point was the last of all,
you know, you're way ahead of the pack,
man.
Yeah, we are.
We are so far ahead.
In fact,
that's the reason that Isaiah is so
excited.
You know,
he he knew that during his life he
had zero.
Yeah.
Right.
Yeah, man.
And he's brilliant.
He's articulate.
He's devoted.
He's brilliant.
Yeah.
And that during his lifetime, God said,
you know, here's the door to heaven.
I want you to look and see how
we've done so far.
There's not a single person out there and
he is despondent.
And they got to say, no problem.
You're going to like what you're going to
see here.
He takes him forward in time and he
sees the final Zarowa and he says,
that's my Zarowa there, man.
He is doing exactly the things that I
just wrote about.
He's down in that wine vat with me.
Oh, by the way,
Obed Edom is from the wine vat and
he's in that wine vat with me.
This is the man from Edom and it's
going to save many.
And he is singing my song.
Yeah.
He's my guy.
He's read the,
it's like the pilot textbooks.
He's read the textbook that Yasha'yah wrote
on proper chowtering.
Yeah, so they're all thrilled.
There is a harvest on Shabuwah.
There is a gleaning on Taruwah.
There is a very significant gathering of
Israelites on the second day of Taruwah,
on the Shabbat,
that are brought into Jerusalem by Yahowah.
And we enter the Millennial Shabbat with a
family.
And you know,
the beauty of the whole thing is
I finally just dawned on me that,
you know, I don't need to worry.
We don't need to worry about how many
people respond to this message.
Our job is to make sure we tell
the story that God is communicating as
completely and as accurately and as
passionately as we can,
and that we do our best to get
people's attention so that they at least
have the opportunity to hear the truth.
That's our job.
How people respond to it is not our
job.
And we don't even have to be
concerned about how many.
If this is all that we have that
are part of the Shavua harvest,
God's thrilled.
It works.
But the deal is,
the way that he set the thing up,
he's really smart.
What he's done is, in the end,
he's taken everybody that's not totally
jaundiced,
that's not overtly religious or political,
that's made some mistakes,
but their mistakes were by omission rather
than commission.
They're a clean slate, essentially.
Well,
they're prepared to be a clean slate.
And then he's having the Adam of Parah,
and it is a really vicious,
vicious sacrifice of the Adam of Parah.
Every bone but one is broken.
He is lacerated.
It's a bloody, bloody thing.
It's to really get people's attention and
to say, he's doing this for you.
You better take advantage right now
because there are no other opportunities.
And
Through that great performance that Elia
and Yahowah are going to perform around that
sacrifice,
he's going to purge that group of people
of religiosity.
They go into the millennial celebration of
the Shabbat as babies.
Our job then is to teach them.
This is fun.
They're going to have a copy of the
Torah and we get to explain it.
And we're going to do that for a
thousand years.
So we've got full employment for a
Our job is to,
to tell the greatest story that's ever
been told.
We get to be the teachers on behalf
of Yahowah in paradise for a thousand years.
And it's a,
it's a heck of a deal.
And,
Then what they're going to be productive,
they're going to be able to have children
and they're going to all live for that
entire one thousand years and have a
chance to do what we have done,
which is to accept the terms and
conditions of the covenant and become
immortal.
And what God has done with that sacrifice
of the Adam of Perah,
the test is to determine if they are
trustworthy.
Mm hmm.
if they've got the right stuff to be
trustworthy for this opportunity.
But because we have a thousand years with
them, we have no religion to compete with,
no politics to compete with,
no militarism, no patriotism,
no conspiracy, no mother goddesses,
no nothing to compete with.
And we have this perfect opportunity to
teach for a thousand years.
And they have children and we can teach
their children.
And we even have some goyim that we
brought into this to be the workers who
are gonna have that opportunity as well.
God's gonna get whatever size family he
wants.
The size of this covenant family is really
determined by during that period.
All we have to do prior to that
period
is to get the material in place so
we have the functional library and we have
developed the knowledge necessary to go
forward and enough people to serve as
teachers.
So we are not only finding those people
who can be part of this,
we're all learning on the job,
how to do this job.
So when we move to the fulfillment of
Taruwah, Kipurym and Sukah, we're there.
We're educated.
We're trained.
We have worked together for years.
Toad's going to say, yeah, you guys,
your experience, you have your license.
I'm a teacher of y'all.
Go at it, man.
I want to go dance around.
I want to have some fun.
That is that is the purpose of the
job.
What a thrill.
So God gets to have the size of
family he wants because we have that
opportunity and a perfect environment.
What we get to do is what Adam
didn't do with Chawah.
Adam had a good relationship with Yahowah.
Yahowah had no relationship with Chawah
because Chawah was created for Adam.
Chawah was not created for Yahowah.
And so what Adam should have done is
to
be more inclusive in his teaching with
Chawah so that they were together as a
family, as a group,
as opposed to God having a relation with
Adam and then Adam having relations with
Chawah.
So as we go through this process,
we're going to have that opportunity to
have a comprehensive relationship
all together and to be effective teachers
to everyone who's involved and to
encourage them then to go to work so
that those who are going to become
covenant engage.
We get a chance to see how they
contribute.
So this is our future.
This is what we're doing.
This is what we're training for.
And I'm actually convinced that since that
thousand years is mostly comprised of
mortals.
That the earth is going to,
they're going to be mortals where they
need the kind of infrastructure that's
necessary to support life and all that
sort of thing.
And that while we will have the capacity
to go in and out of a physical
nature,
that while we're communicating with them
and teaching them,
it would be appropriate for us to do
as God has done.
god has chosen to communicate through
humans to humans and so while we're
teaching them i think we're going to be
flesh and blood and then we'll have our
vacations where we can go out and explore
the universe as spiritual beings but while
we're on this job we're going to be
flesh and blood here with them
communicating at the same level and there
is every reason that since
We are now accustomed to using this
format, lights, cameras, microphones,
creating the Yahoo blog.
Wouldn't this be the best way to
disseminate that information?
Sure.
And we're practiced at it and we're going
to get better at it.
Yeah.
And better equipment too.
Better equipment.
Yeah.
We have some really cool equipment now and
we're getting better and better.
at working together and putting together
an educational program in this regard.
And I think that is precisely what God,
not only putting together the library that
gets us off to a good start,
because we're going to want a week or
two of vacation when this is all over.
So when we begin the new transition,
we're going to want a little vacation.
So we've got a nice library that we'll
have, and then we can go at it.
And I think this is going to be
the tool we're going to use.
So we're going to be working together
doing this while we also have fun
together.
So it's going to be a really,
really great time of enjoying the universe
and this earth and the conditions that
exist in Eden and working with and
foreDowd and with Yahowah.
I mean,
it's going to be a marvelous experience
all the way around,
but there's also God values work,
and this is our job.
Yeah.
Right.
So they can see Kevin.
Yeah.
Well, we are going to,
we're going to have it together, man.
We're going to,
I don't know if it's going to be
a pecking order that we see here.
I have no problem with Kevin being at
the top of the pyramid here,
but we know where we keep on hiding
rich, rich, rich, like in the background.
Yeah.
What we do is finding though,
that what we have is a whole lot
of introverts too.
And God seems to like introverts.
And I know I don't come across as
an introvert.
And I know that, Kevin,
you don't really come across as an
introvert either.
But I actually am an introvert.
I was born an introvert.
I just decided early in life as a
young man that I didn't like being an
introvert because the extroverts had all
the pretty girls and they were they were.
I didn't.
And so I said, you know,
I'm going to resolve this and I'm going
to become an extrovert.
And I transitioned to one,
but I'm a natural introvert too.
So I'm going to enjoy,
we're all going to enjoy our rich time
behind the scenes too,
from time to time and take a step
back and be out of the spotlight and
just enjoying being together in small
groups.
I think that's the thing that Yahowah is
looking forward to.
It's small groups.
You know, one-on-one, one-on-two or three,
going off to,
when we go off and explore a different
galaxy or even this galaxy,
I think what he's looking forward to doing
is doing it with a very small group
of us, an intimate setting.
I think, yeah, I was an introvert,
and I think he's attracting people who are
somewhat introverted as well.
He does not like big,
it's obvious God does not like big crowds.
Yeah.
But field trips with Yahowah are going to
be just off the charts.
Yeah, imagine the field trips.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah,
and the beauty of all of that on
some of these field trips is that we
can do our job six days a week,
seven days a week in terms of teaching
and be diligent in our teaching and still
take a month off in a second.
We could take a year voyage with Yahowah
to a faraway galaxy and explore life and
everything on it and have that time play
out as if it were the most fun
year of our lives and we could be
gone a second.
That's kind of freaky.
It's kind of freaky, isn't it?
Eat this MC squared.
Yeah.
Well, on light
On a photon of light, time simply is.
All time exists simultaneously.
So you will be able to maneuver in
time and therefore we'll be able to
experience things where time moves at a
pace that we're comfortable with.
We can slow time or speed it up.
And when you're dealing with an infinite
amount of time,
it really doesn't matter how much time you
spend doing anything, does it?
No, yeah.
You have no less time to spend no
matter how much time you have spent.
And you don't run out of time.
Right.
And it's kind of already done.
And what you've already done,
what you're doing is kind of already done.
Yes.
And the beauty of it is that it's
never going to be boring because we will
never be unemployed.
Right.
Even once that final remnant after the
thousand years is either all covenant or
gone or whatever God's disposition is at
that time,
once we've judged all the people that need
to be judged and we've taken care of
all the business,
even in eternity off the planet,
we're going to continue to work.
God values work.
He wants us to accomplish something.
It is what makes for an interesting
relationship.
It's what causes God to be infinite.
Do you know that God can't be infinite
unless he grows?
You're right.
I understand.
Yes.
Yeah.
Infinity is impossible without growth.
And when you are God and can know
and do anything,
the only way you can grow is through
relationships like this.
So we actually contribute something of
value.
We're going to be tremendously valued by
God.
And it's just a marvelous thing that we're
in.
Well,
we've gone even fifteen minutes past our
hour, two hours.
So it's been a fun family hour, though,
hasn't it?
Great show.
Yeah.
I've enjoyed this.
And the moment that I went to the
body of twelve,
Because my concern was, these people,
are they right?
And I haven't translated that thing in ten
years.
Did I miss something somehow?
I mean, they didn't have a criticism.
It was an ad hominem attack.
But I thought I had translated it
accurately,
so I knew I had to go back
to it.
Because you never want to pretend that you
had all the answers because we're always
growing and always learning.
So I said, well, okay,
I'll just go back to it.
And when I went there and said, well,
now I've got to translate this whole thing
because I never cheat God.
I'm not going to jump in at the
end.
I'm going to go right from the beginning
because who knows what we might learn.
And then you run up and the first
thing is annihilate the mother goddesses.
why you never pull a Paul and take
the verse out of context.
Wow.
At that point, I'm saying, okay, God,
I know what we're going to be doing
to show on as soon as we finish
this Antichrist series.
I know what we're doing.
Yeah.
A little Natan from Yaffa Youth, Greg.
Oh, what a thrill.
Yeah, because, you know,
when this thing burst up again,
it is so many personal attacks on my
wife.
And it's so they're so revolting.
And then all the personal asSha'uwlts on me
and and their degradation of Yada Yahowah and
the sites that they have put up just
to degradate both of us and all of
us.
You go to God and say, come on,
I mean, this job is hard enough already.
I don't need this personal aggravation.
God, we need to do something here.
This is...
You're dealing with a human and there's
only so much a human can endure.
So I'm just coming to you and I'm
gonna lay it on the line here.
You gotta have an answer for this one.
Otherwise we're gonna be in trouble
because it's one thing to be attacked from
the outside.
It's another thing to be constantly abused
from the inside at the same time when
the job is this tough.
So what's your answer, God?
Mike Tyson, George Foreman,
first round knockout punch.
Yep.
And that's what he said.
Okay.
How do you like this one?
Did I do okay on that one?
Did I pass your test?
You said I needed to do something.
How was this?
Amazing.
I did.
I think so.
Okay.
Yes.
Score one for God.
Okay.
And that's why it's fun to do this.
It really is.
And every week,
there's another one like this.
Almost sometimes every day.
All right, fellas.
Happy Shabbat to one and all.
A pleasure to be together.
Rich,
thank you for being behind the scenes
there doing your thing.
You are so happy when the lights aren't
on you.
That's right.
Aren't you?
You are.
I had to promise Rich today that I
wouldn't pester him with, oh, my God,
don't ask Rich a question.
We had a bull on fire all afternoon.
Yeah.
So it was, don't do that to me.
Okay, so here we go.
Well, my pleasure, folks,
to be able to do this with you.
Happy Shabbat.
May God bless one and all.
Good night.